### 2026-03-08

- You can parry.
- Ma'am. Back of the line.
- I know there's like items all around, so I got to not back myself into a corner. Whoopsie.
- Okay. Okay, step one, don't back yourself into a corner. Step two, go into the houses and try and get the loot. Step three, use your make sure you kick them.
- Excuse me. Excuse me. I'm going to die. Okay. Is this Is this real?
- Let me look at this freaking map.

### 2026-03-09

- There's just stuff in here. (truncated)
- Don't go in.
- And then we sneak in her house and we take all our chickens.
- The one house I didn't go in.
- I'm going to lose my mind. (truncated)
- You gotta be kidding me.
- Look, we even skipped his grand entry.
- You got to be kidding me.
- Wait, there it is.
- The definition of insanity is doing the same thing. (truncated)
- No, cuz I'm going to get stuck in them.
- How long do I have to. (truncated)
- probably get it.
- You'd like that, wouldn't you?
- You can't turn it back.
- Oh god.
- Cruelty.
- Shoot the bell to power.
- Does that scare them?

### 2026-03-10

- mean? This is a strat when you are bad at the game.
- Oh, it's getting a little dicey. It's getting a little hairy in here.
- Are you frustrated?
- Well, that was spooky.
- can loot everything because Resident Evil likes to make me go crazy.
- Fortnite's going to be for old people. So count your days.
- Anybody who just scoffed, if you blew a significant amount of air out of your nose when I said bingo, that sounds

### 2026-03-12

- nose when I said bingo, that sounds fun. Count your days.
- Okay. I'm into Oh, well, we'll go in here.
- That's going to be annoying.
- A box. A ruby.
- I think that's kind of funny, too, cuz I'm pretty sure they're like rather strict about how Miku appears, like what Miku is. Miku is a pop idol, you know?
- This brown map is confusing. Everything looks the same.
- We have so much of this now. I got to use this.
- What if you're like significantly outnumbered by chickens

### 2026-03-14

- Again? I'm going to lose my mind. I'm going to freak.
- Coconut crabs. I like coconut crabs. They're so cute.
- Wait, windmill. Where's the windmill?
- Cuz the bell went bong. Okay, we go this way.
- Goes the opposite way. Beef brisket. Yummy.
- Had a lot of elbow macaroni stickers. Am I supposed to go up?
- What do you get though? Is this worth my time?
- It's worth it. Okay, I will trust you.

### 2026-03-15

- Wait, where was that? We have to like get.
- Can I eat this?
- The first mistake you made was it being a beep beep beep beep.
- Somebody's talking to me I feel like I have to tell them I'm listening but I'm really not comprehending.
- He's mutated.
- That'll get her attention. And then we'll throw a dynamite.
- What's that noise?
- I don't think he's worth killing.

### 2026-03-17

- Slice of Slapperoni Pizza that restores Effective Health while also granting the Slap effect.
- It's a man slay ride.
- Think you can swallow me whole? Hun?
- Please don't taunt the.
- Bum bum bum. Is this a gambling game? I don't think so. It's Wheel of Fortune.
- Audio is good. Shame as usual.
- Ubisoft has monopoly. Has a monopoly or has monopoly?
- See the answer and she'll help me out. Yes. Yes.
- I have to get the crab hat. Oh boy, this is going to be rough.
- What do you mean? Yikes. What's he talking about? Chill. Calm down.

### 2026-03-18

- You are saying this because I have confidence in myself.
- Okay, this one I will not look at what you are saying.
- Anything like that. But in reality, he's actually sending a message to his friend.
- When this guy starts waving his finger really.
- Community loves her, but this time I regretted it.
- Well, you can't be lying, sir. Not what I'm concerned about.
- Oh, please demonstrate. All right.
- Okay, I'll just go with the other one. Space it out. It helps.
- Together in groups. Otherwise, they'll get lonely. Maybe it's the same thing.
- Don't want to like force that on you just in case.

### 2026-03-19

- The non I'm just going to look it up.
- You guys are going to mess me up.
- Make him bald first with green skin.
- Okay.
- I cast baldness. Where is it?
- What kind of mouth should we go with for green Sonic?
- He's kind of got like a line that.
- Got it. Try to be fast cuz I could be here for a while.
- Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Okay.
- The ears are in the way. I'm thinking I'm going to delete the ears.
- So, I'm just going to pretend they're not there.
- I'm just going to look it up.

### 2026-03-21

- Like this one should be good. Okay, so...
- I'm just going to do half and then we're just going to multiply.
- I can actually draw pretty well with mouse on MS Paint.
- What? One more try.
- It looks kind of like the same color, but I don't think it is. No, it needs to be like slightly lighter, I think.
- At least the green Sonic like people aren't that passionate about, you know, and people are passionate about Sonic, don't get me wrong, but I don't... (truncated)
- It changes depending on like what angle you're looking at it from.
- Is there a way to zoom out? Like, hold on.

### 2026-03-22

- I'm not happy with this. We're getting there.
- Should we go with these oblong? It's kind of like this but sideways.
- Can I turn the eye sideways?
- Hold on. I'm cooking.
- They're probably going to go like here.
- I think I'm going to go with this one. Can we go even further?
- Wait, this looks pretty good. I think I'm going to go with this.
- Wait, you know what? Let me change.
- It doesn't really match with what I want.

### 2026-03-23

- All right. And then the eyes.
- Let me cook. Let me cook.
- This is too much. This is too much detail.
- It's a little uneven. I'm going to fix it.
- Skill.
- No, not that. Okay. Not yet. But they can eventually. Eventually. Wonder if I should make this like a little.
- All done.
- Like these lines that are like this, but I feel like I'm going to make it worse if I do it like. Hold on. Let me try.

### 2026-03-26

- Nah, I don't think I like this. Actually, I changed my mind.
- I wish I could match the hair specifically.
- Where would it be? This is so useful. Wonder which one it was in the set. I don't see it.
- He's evil. I think he is kind of evil. I'm pretty sure.
- Okay. Yeah. Let's go. Like, is he chill? I think
- I'm scared. Why? Why does that sound so?
- What is this supposed to be? Is this (truncated)


### 2026-03-31

- Hold on. I think I'm going to adjust some stuff. I don't know. I'm indecisive, you know.
- No, no, no. That's dead. No. Maybe like this.
- What is this supposed to be? Is this like circles? Kind of like you guys? I can't tell anymore. I'm like nose blind.
- That's true. Yeah, that's true. Okay, I'm just going to go with this one.

### 2026-04-05

- You're not making any sense.
- It's way too lewd.
- You gotta think about your timing.
- I bet the real thing is gonna be really stimulating.


### 2026-04-05
- I'm all alone, but it's different somehow from when I'm alone looking for her with no leads.

### 2026-04-06
- I'm nervous for some reason.
- Oh my God, Nazuna, you made me do it!
- Don't say embarrassing crap like that!
- And at school too, talk about indecent behavior.
- I guess that means she's never been intimate with a human being.
- Maybe it will help us get a little bit closer on the wristwatch transceiver...


- I thought we could start by being friends.
- You don't even have any other friends.
- I kept meaning to ask,
- What's with the face?
- From what point do you know that you're friends with someone?
- I'm making this too complicated, aren't I?
- Does that mean at one point you became a lot more outgoing around sixth grade?
- Did I hand it to you in person?


- But anyway, I'm glad you're okay.
- Everyone else only sees you the way you are now.
- You used to be pretty gloomy, [Akira] You were very standoffish, and showed me by giving me a token of how you felt.
- You really get a kick out of teasing me, don't you?!
- I've gotta take care of some things.
- It's become my routine to meet with Akira though it's not like we really communicate that much.
- I mean, didn't she used to be more talkative and outgoing?


### 2026-04-06

- I feel like she's a lot quieter now.
- Is this like, you know, if I'm wrong, that's totally fine and all.
- I see how it is.
- I was wondering what you were doing behind my back.
- Is she pissed? She's pissed.
- What'cha doin' playing hanky panky in a place like this, you naughty boy?


### 2026-04-06

- What else would two kids be doing this late other than hanky panky.
- Yamori, hold on, do you know this person?
- My relationship with him is purely physical.
- So you can relax, missy.
- No, it's not what you think!
- Huh? What do you mean by together?
- Like I said, it's purely physical.
- Will you stop it?!
- I'm nervous for some reason.
- Oh my God, Nazuna, you made me do it!
- Don't say embarrassing crap like that!
- And at school too, talk about indecent behavior.
- I guess that means she's never been intimate with a human being.
- Maybe it will help us get a little bit closer on the wristwatch transceiver.
- I thought we could start by being friends.
- You don't even have any other friends.
- I kept meaning to ask.
- What's with the face?
- From what point do you know that you're friends with someone?
- I'm making this too complicated, aren't I?
- Does that mean at one point you became a lot more outgoing around sixth grade?
- Did I hand it to you in person?
- But anyway, I'm glad you're okay.
- Everyone else only sees you the way you are now.
- You used to be pretty gloomy. You were very standoffish, and showed me by giving me a token of how you felt.
- You really get a kick out of teasing me, don't you?!
- I've gotta take care of some things.
- It's become my routine to meet with Akira though it's not like we really communicate that much.
- I mean, didn't she used to be more talkative and outgoing?
- I feel like she's a lot quieter now.
- Is this like, you know, if I'm wrong, that's totally fine and all.
- I see how it is.
- I was wondering what you were doing behind my back.
- Is she pissed? She's pissed.
- What'cha doin' playing hanky panky in a place like this, you naughty boy?


### 2026-04-06

- She's blushing.
- Enough of that!
- Why is your face turning all red?
- Shut it, mind your business, kid!
- Come on, do we really have to do this?
- Let me show you something.
- You better not look away.
- Huh? You're not being serious! Not here!
- (Ko whimpers)


### 2026-04-06

- Haven't you figured it out?
- Uh, I'll have a coffee too, thanks.
- I'll bring that right out.
- Oh, come on, if you're underage.
- You're not allowed to drink alcohol.
- Yamori, I've gotta ask you again, what's with this person?
- Excuse me! Another beer over here!

### 2026-04-08

- Is this a usual thing?
- Does it have anything to do with you not coming to school?


### 2026-04-08
- I thought you might not want to talk about it, so I made a point of not asking, but why did you decide to stop showing?
- As if he needs it anyway.
- Will the monster please stay quiet for a bit?
- Hey, boy, this girl's really got some nerve.
- I thought that I... I was doing fine at school, but then, I don't know, I just couldn't take it anymore.
- I'm still a vampire whether you like it or not.


### 2026-04-08

- What have you been doing all this time?
- Didn't you think to contact him, maybe?
- I'm not gonna lose sight of you!
- I totally lost sight of her.
- Wait, is this our first fight?
- Angry and ticked off are different?

### 2026-04-10

- Nobody home.
- Can or the darkness will consume you. I will consume you.
- But listen, I haven't been sleeping much lately.


- What have you been doing?
- She's usually impossible to locate.
- Good for them, am I right?
- M-my heart's pounding really fast.
- I've achieved my goal of falling in love with a vampire?
- Something's off.
- You're firm, huh?
- Why would I joke about this?
- I am firm in this belief!


- So, what you're saying is, you're like,
- Obviously, you're not really in love.
- That's just lust, boy.
- It's not healthy to think of romantic love and lust as being the same thing.
- But, however, in this case, that's probably what it is.
- that feeling I got was arousal?!
- (Nazuna laughs) That's what it sounds like!
- What a coincidence.


- It was my first, too.
- Are you sure you should be up this late?
- But, doesn't the same go for you?
- Just something to consider.
- Hmm. Shouldn't that apply to you, too?
- Suck it, boy!
- Uh, that's a hard pass.
- No. It's the kiss I don't want.


## 2026-04-10

- But, you know, with an obscene monster like her, with a bunch of loudmouth people.
- [Akira] I'm not that into party games myself.
- Wait, that's not the point!
- Right? They all like the protagonist way too much.
- What's the matter with you?!
- Your tone's so serious.
- About a dating sim.
- [Nazuna] Plus, her tits are freaking huge!
- Her tits are super huge too.


- So, girls you don't have to talk to with large bosoms.
- You don't have to try to sound so erotic.
- You like girls that have massive-sized melons?
- [Akira] I'm a little relieved to know Yamori hasn't changed that much in respect to girls. But it's actually pretty wholesome, I guess.
- By the way, it's getting close to four o'clock.
- We don't do anything inappropriate!
- Nazuna-chan, that's not what you said before!
- And you say that after you lie down?


### 2026-04-10

- I can't do it! This is way too weird for me!
- The gates will open in about two hours anyway.
- Why don't you wait until the rain stops?
- Do that somewhere else!
- Having a guilty pleasure is great for spicing things up.
- What's the deal?
- It's supply and demand.
- Right. Is that so?
- Thanks so much for sugarcoating that comment.
- You never liked talking about yourself.


## 2026-04-10

- Or even what you wanted to be when you got older.
- What an unimaginative kid.
- But that's an issue you guys can't avoid.
- I'm really leaving once the rain lets up.
- Listen, chill. Don't be such a square.
- I kind of dragged you into this one.
- I don't mind.
- If you don't release the tension in your shoulders.
- But I'm still gonna try to get you.


- To come back to school.
- I still think it can't hurt to study.
- I always fall asleep so early.
- I hope he comes someday, to school.
- Is it all right if I just leave you here?
- I'm so close.
- Huh, that thing I ordered for delivery should be coming soon.
- I'll destroy Ko next time I play to feel better.
- I'd feel bad if they kept trying to deliver it to me.


- I like how it's nice and dry when I wake up when I wash my clothes then hang them up.
- Laundry?
- Vampires have a lot to think about too.
- [Nazuna] Steam irons again today? That's no fun.
- Nighttime is inherently fun just for what it is.
- You doing okay, kitty?
- Oh, you're such a little cutie pie!
- Look at your beans!
- Hmm? Oh gross, stray cat stink.


## 2026-04-10

- That's stinch is potent!
- Oh, hello there.
- Yo, what's up?
- Can I get one bathing kit?
- Sure thing.
- Yeah, kinda.
- I'm counting on ya.

## 2026-04-11

- Ko Yamori, age 14, eighth grade.
- I was getting by just fine.
- Suddenly I just couldn't be bothered anymore.
- The most pressing issue is that I can't sleep.
- Says online that I should talk to a family member.


### 2026-04-11

- Do they know I snuck out?
- I never knew vending machines were this bright at night.
- Oh, you're buying booze?
- How nice.
- You sure don't look like you're over 20 years old.
- But more importantly, I...
- Just an honest mistake, okay? Well, gotta go!
- You think that's gonna fool me, boy?
- This isn't what you think, really.
- It all boils down to one inevitable conclusion,


## 2026-04-11

- See how satisfied they are?
- Fast asleep with no discontent whatsoever.
- [Ko] Aren't they just totally wasted?
- if you don't release your inhibitions, sweet boy.
- Hey, where are you going?
- Release inhibitions?
- I-I wouldn't have this problem if I could do that.
- This always happens.


## 2026-04-11

- Hey, guys, don't let that booze consume you.
- Tell me, how does it feel to let go of yourself a bit?
- This doesn't look like a trashy place, at least.
- Gotta go, you're freaking me out! Goodbye!
- Hey, not so fast, boy.
- Anyone can tell she's a psycho, but why is this so relaxing?
- I'll pretend to be asleep for a while and then go home.
- You up?
- Boy, are you actually asleep or just faking it?
- Thank goodness you really fell asleep.


### 2026-04-11

- I can't wait any longer.
- Well then, it's feeding time.
- A mosquito...
- It was worth a try.
- So would you happen to be a vampire of some sort?
- So then why is it that I'm not a vampire?
- That would suck and freak me out.
- Wouldn't it suck if you got a new family member, hear there's vampires who create loads of offspring, but I'm not interested in that kind of thing.


## 2026-04-11

- You didn't even answer my question.
- Loud? I'm not being loud.
- You see, I don't wanna go around telling everybody this news...
- Well, uh, anyway, basically,
- Just like how a child results
- Oh, why are you being gross all of a sudden?
- Humans can only create offspring through intense copulation.
- And then who all is hooking up.
- And who's making out.


## 2026-04-11

- Why do you look freaked out?
- I really don't understand that kind of thing.
- Don't you have a crush on anyone at school?
- Why can't you shut up?
- Okay, I'm off.
- Oh, screw this.
- Wow, middle school can be tough, huh?
- And started fooling around at night.
- Tell me, boy, how does your first night out feel?
- What do you think now that you've taken a step (truncated)


## 2026-04-11

- Outside your little comfort zone?
- This place is the furthest you can hope to get away.
- It would be a waste if you didn't keep this kind of thing up.
- It's not a bad way to live.
- So yeah, do me a favor, Miss Vampire!
- I have to ask of you.
- I'd never take that leap.


## 2026-04-11

- and spend day after day in boredom.
- It's the first time I've wanted something.
- I won't deny this feeling.
- (sighs) You're being ridiculous.
- It's my policy not to create offspring.
- If you fall for me, that's your deal.
- that's because the blood is infused with night.
- What? If you think about the distance to the moon, the difference between the ground and the roof isn't that much.


## 2026-04-11

- That's why I wanna infuse more night in you, boy.
- Uh, you mean I need to stay up late?
- Well, I plan to do that anyway.
- That too, of course.
- I'm gonna die! No, you won't.
- The night is for fooling around.
- Hang on tight, it's go time.
- It's another beautiful night out.
- Huh? You don't know? I got you.
- Well, it's not like I really care either way.


## 2026-04-11

- Have you forgotten what you came here to do with me?

## 2026-04-12

- Yeah. Keep your hands off our Honmoon.
- That choice belongs to you.
- Your loss.
- We just wanted to stop by and congratulate our hoobaes on their debut and--
- Me too. I thought I wanted couch, but I think couch can wait.

## 2026-04-13

- Oh okay um we're going to leave it like this okay.
- Is a newer game so that's understandable that it would be winning.
- That I'm not that tall I think it's just cuz my legs look long.
- Now you should be getting the. (truncated)
